#-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Documentation
#

=head1 NAME

Data2any::Xml::Html::Css - Data2any Module to insert css

=head1 SYNOPSIS
 
 # Start html document with a head tag below it
 #
 - html lang=en-US dir=ltr:
    - head:
       - title: Introducing css

    # Create the style tag to store the css rules below it
    #
    - !perl/Data2any::Xml::Html::Css
       mode: inline

    # The contents
    #
    - body:
       # Define two selectors for class green and tag p
       #
       - !perl/Data2any::Xml::Html::Css
          mode: css_rule
          rules:
           - select: .green
             props:
              color: #4d4

           - select: p
             props:
              padding: 10mm;
       
       # Write some text
       #
       - p class=green: >
          This text is printed in green color

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module helps to insert css information into a file or style tag. There
three ways to use it and it all depends on the parameter mode. The mode can be
one of link_to_file, inline or css_rule. The first two can not be used together,
it must be a choice  between either one of them. These can also not be used
twice. The mode css_rule can be used anywhere in the program and more than once.

=head2 Mode link_to_file

This will create a link tag in the head tag. At the end of the process it stores
the css data in the file where it refers to. With this mode the I<file>
parameter is obligatory and it defines the filename where to write to. An
optional parameter is I<url> to specify the precise path to find the file for a
browser or other program like wkhtml2pdf.

=head2 Mode inline

This will create a style tag where in the end of the process all gathered css
rules will be stored.

=head2 Mode css_rule

Define the css rules with this. There is a property called I<rules> needed. This
is an array of rules of which each entry is defined by I<select> for selector
rules, and I<props> for properties. The properties are key - value pairs which
are normal css properties.

=head1 SEE ALSO

 L<Data2any>
 L<Data2any::Xml>

=head1 AUTHOR

Marcel Timmerman, E<lt>mt1957@gmail.comE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2013 by Marcel Timmerman

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.3 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.


=cut
